I love you so much!
I don't feel like studying science.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
Nearly all men die of their remedies, and not of their illness.
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations.
I read the first page.
She had lived in five different countries.
Tom is a man.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
The insect ate the peach hollow. 
With all his efforts, he failed the test.
Never, ever tell that to others.
I need a place to crash.
That is one of the most beautiful paintings I have ever seen.
His foot hit the brake faster than she could yell "stop".
How much is a bottle of coconut juice?
As you treat me, so will I treat you.
Why didn't you go to Boston?
She will probably go to the park tomorrow.
I swim once a week.
Excuse me, please. I didn't understand that. Can you maybe translate it into one of the following languages?
It will take them some hours.
This isn't your hat, is it?
We will have to wait.
We don't mean any disrespect.
I've never met such a kind man.
Tom twisted his ankle.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
Tom had trouble falling asleep.
That sounds like a good plan.
If I had wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
There's just not enough time.
I would so much love to see you.
Tom hit the wall with his fist.
I've got to do this tonight.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else wanted to go to the zoo.
I am vegan.
He is leaving in three days.
Tom has really helped us a lot.
This place is arguably the best restaurant in London.
The movie Titanic moved audiences around the world.
Are you in this picture?
"Are reptiles a clade?" "Not unless you count birds and mammals as reptiles."
Everyone at the party was drinking wine.
The rate of growth is growing exponentially.
I'm glad Tom was there to help us.
What do you say to dining out together?
I heard that he bought a new computer.
Mary's eyes are black.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro.
Is there any salt left?
Tom is staying at a nearby hotel.
Thou art not mine enemy, so farest thou well.
I don't know what to say. I truly don't. This is just so incredibly beautiful.
I am studying Japanese.
Tell him he should submit his immediate resignation.
Tom couldn't have made this by himself.
Are you saying that I killed Tom?
The eldest daughter suddenly screamed "I want candy."
I abhor politics.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
She was afraid of the dog.
What are we debating now?
I used to watch a lot more TV than I do now.
Hurry! Tom says it's urgent.
I learned a valuable lesson today.
Let's leave early.
Tom has something for the entire family.
I would've waited.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
I figured I could trust them.
It was three weeks before she wrote an answer to Tom.
He cut himself the first time that he cooked dinner.
None of us is so foolish as to believe that he was telling the truth.
I've eaten enough for now.
When matter is changed chemically, chemical energy is given off.
Tom and Mary have been married for three years.
We're all going to do a good job.
Many people do not trust the government.
Why's Maltese absent from the languages list?
I thought Tom would make dinner for us.
He has been sick in bed for a week.
Besides attending the funeral, she needs to make all the arrangements.
I can't trust John with my car.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
I've learned to expect the unexpected.
That's how I see it.
Now we know how Tom did it.
I knew Tom was dead.
"What's that?" "This is a peach."
I wish I could stop thinking about what's happened.
Tom saw that Mary wasn't in the room.
You'll have to jack up the car.
I'm extremely sorry.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
That's very cool.
Motion for continuance denied.
He was ordered to shut up.
So far, I'm not impressed.
Hello my name is Jake Hobbs
Where is he playing?
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
The queue for the toilet has got too long. Do you think it's time we expedited things by having a peek?
He repaired his watch by himself.
Please choose your character.
Tom's lunch includes a sandwich and an apple.
Maybe that won't be necessary.